Hello Lawrence,

It was quite amazing have a conversation with you. I am quite happy that you have decided to take on this project in spite of your graduation coming up really soon. It provides me great pleasure as well to collaborate with you. After all the problem of poverty, caste and agricultural stagnation in India is something of a great significance to India and requires our utmost attention.

Central Idea: With integration of renewable energy into the agricultural sector, can we remove poverty to some extent? Is the poverty removal aspect skewed for certain classes of society and genders and religions, or is it uniform across the population. (We want to cover a certain number of SDGs: 1, 5, 7, 10, 13)

In regards to the call that we have had here are the pointers and the datasets that are required:
A. Census Time points: 2001 and 2011 (maybe 1991, if all the categories and counting is uniform)
B. For every state of India (maybe Union Territories as well)
C. Total and rural for every state

Datasets (social):
1. Population (male and female)
2. Population of SC, ST, OBC (male and female)
3. Religion-wise population (specifically Muslims) (male and female)
4. ***Individual categorical SC and ST population (the sub categories of SC and ST)
5. No. of Agricultural workers
6. No. of SC, ST, Muslim and OBC Agricultural workers
7. No. of female agricultural workers
8. No. of female SC, ST, Muslim and OBC Agricultural workers

9. Employment of the general population
10. Employment in the agricultural population  (using proportions if data is not available)
11. Employment of SC, ST, Muslim and OBC population
12. Employment of female agricultural workers
13. Employment of female SC, ST, Muslim and OBC Agricultural workers
14. Literacy of general population
15. Literacy in the agricultural population
16. Literacy of SC, ST, Muslim and OBC population
17. Literacy of female agricultural workers
18. Literacy of female SC, ST, Muslim and OBC Agricultural workers
19. Age 5-14 no. of workers
20. Age 5-14 agricultural Workers
21. Age 5-14 SC, ST, Muslim and OBC workers
22. Age 5-14 female agricultural workers
23. Age 5-14 female SC, ST, Muslim and OBC Agricultural workers

24: Land ownership by SC, ST, OBC and Muslim people

Datasets (technical from 2001 to 2020):
A. State-wise
1. Agricultural productivity (percentage of GDP)
2. Main crop (it's percentage to the other crops: money and produce mass)
3. Agricultural land area (arable)
4. Agricultural land area (waste land)
5. Agricultural land area (forests)
6. Agricultural diesel consumption
7. Agricultural electricity consumption
8. Month-wise rainfall and sunny days
9. Month-wise harvesting volume
10. Water-usage by crops (per unit land area or production volume)

I look forward to having quite a fruitful collaboration with you. Please don't hesitate to ask me any question that comes to your mind at any time.

Best Regards,
Soumya Basu,
Doctoral Research Student (D-2),
Dept. of Socio-Environmental Energy Science,
Graduate School of Energy Science,
Kyoto University, Japan.

